This repository contains the original docbooks from Sun's last drop and
contains the process of converting them to a format that will work well
for illumos. Currently only a subset of the docbooks that once existed
are here. Others will be added once someone cares enough about them and
we make the process for working on them not quite so terrible.

To build them into something useful, first expect pain and then take a
look at http://hub.opensolaris.org/bin/view/Community+Group+documentation/tools.
In case that too disappears (like the docbooks), I've included the
source to the Java build tool which is licensed (according to the
source) under a combo GPL/CDDL.

Building:

To build the currently existing docbooks, use the provided script. The
quick and easy way to build everything is to use:

./tools/build.sh -a

Layout:

  - ./raw

  The currently maintained and updated docbooks. Each book is in its own
  top level directory.

  - ./stage

  Original docbooks from Sun that have not been updated.

  - ./tools

  The tools to build the docbooks. This include scripts, the original
  Java build tools, and the xslt transformations.

Adding new books:

As a part of adding a new book, it should be moved from stage to raw.
Also, when you move it, please change the name to something that is a
bit more obvious.  dtrace is much better then DYNMCTRCGGD or MODDEBUG.
Once it is there, you must do the following things:

  o  Add a license appendix that clearly states that this is under the
     PDL. Look at what the mdb or DTrace guides do.

  o  Move all of the gif figures in figures/GenHTML-CachedGraphics to
     figures/. This will not be necessary at the time that issue #39 is
     completed. Until such a mystical time.

  o  Comment out the index section until such time as bug #4 has been
     resolved.

  o  Before you are done, add it as a check target in the Makefile.

Contributing:

Treat this like you would ON with respect to bugs and the like.
Currently the minor bug tracker is based on the github repository.
Before you put back, you should run make check. Furthermore, if you
change the xslt style, you must check most of the docbooks for
regressions.

Licensing:

All of the documentation is licensed under the Public Documentation
License. See DOCLICENSE for details.
